cedThumbnails package for Joomla

in one single installation cedThumbnails contains the following

Module Latest article with thumbnails (mod_articles_latest_thumb)
This is a drop in replacement for the Joomla! core module "Latest Articles", it offer the same level of features but also add thumbnails.

Module Popular articles with thumbnails (mod_articles_popular_thumb)
This is a drop in replacement for the Joomla! core module "Popular Articles", it offer the same level of features but also add thumbnails.

Module Related articles with thumbnails (mod_related_items_thumb)
This is a drop in replacement for the Joomla! core module "Related Articles", it offer the same level of features but also add thumbnails. This Module displays other Articles that are related to the one currently being viewed. These relations are established by the Meta Keywords. All the keywords of the current Article are searched against all the keywords of all other published Articles. For example, you may have an Article on "Breeding Parrots" and another on "Hand Raising Black Cockatoos". If you include the keyword "parrot" in both Articles, then the Related Items Module will list the "Breeding Parrots" Article when viewing "Hand Raising Black Cockatoos" and vice-versa.

Plugin Related articles with thumbnails (plg_content_relatedthumbarticles)
This plugin displays other Articles that are related to the one currently being viewed. These relations are established by the Meta Keywords or using Joomla categories. All the keywords of the current Article are searched against all the keywords of all other published Articles. For example, you may have an Article on "Breeding Parrots" and another on "Hand Raising Black Cockatoos". If you include the keyword "parrot" in both Articles, then the Related Items Module will list the "Breeding Parrots" Article when viewing "Hand Raising Black Cockatoos" and vice-versa.

Library WideImage (lib_wideimage)
Is a famous PHP library for manipulating images. WideImage is a lot better than TimThumb for that job,.
Note that Joomla 2.5 though JImage support images manipulations, this new extension will let you the choice to use JImage or WideImage. It support both!

see http://wiki.waltercedric.com/index.php?title=CedThumbnails_for_Joomla